# Network Management System

Ralph is the CMDB / Asset Management system for data center and back office hardware. SONiC (Software for Open Networking in the Cloud) is a free and open-source network operating system based on Linux that runs on switches from multiple vendors and ASICs. OpenCloud is the open source platform for file management, sharing and collaboration. OpenWISP is an open-source solution for efficient IT network deployment, monitoring & management. NMS PRIME is an Open Source Network Provisioning Tool and Network Management Platform that enables access across multiple access technologies/domains, like DOCSIS, FTTH, FTTx, DSL and WiFi. It allows a seamless user experience across multiple connectivity services. ONOS is the only SDN controller platform that supports the transition from legacy “brown field” networks to SDN “green field” networks. OpenWrt is a highly extensible GNU/Linux distribution for embedded devices (typically wireless routers). Unlike many other distributions for routers, OpenWrt is built from the ground up to be a full-featured, easily modifiable operating system for embedded devices. IP Infusion offers an open and disaggregated network operating system called OcNOS (Open Compute Network Operating System). Designed for white box and disaggregated hardware, OcNOS provides a flexible and scalable solution for commercial and service provider networks. Designed for bare metal switches and white box platforms, Open Network Linux (ONL) enables organizations to develop custom network operating systems tailored to their specific needs. Its robust and modular architecture provides a solid foundation for building scalable networks. Mininet emulates a complete network. Ryu is a component-based software defined networking framework. Floodlight is designed to work with the growing number of virtual switches. Apache MINA is a network application framework. Storm is a distributed realtime computation system

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

